Dr Jameson: Hello.
Dr Jameson: Can you hear me.
Dr Jameson: Miss years
Yes.
Rhonda shears: I have a hard time getting this to work. I don't know. I'm not used to this.
Dr Jameson: That's okay. It seems like you've figured it out. My name is Dr. Jamison
Dr Jameson: Hear me okay, you said that. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Yes. Alright, so if you wouldn't mind confirm me your name and birthdate
Rhonda shears: Rhonda shares June 19 1968
Dr Jameson: And make sure that's what we have are you intent. What, where are you What state are you in
Dr Jameson: Tennessee. OK. And then you've they've explained to you how obviously we're using the video, but did they did. They mentioned that we record these at least until the transcriptionist can can make the transcript of everything that's
Dr Jameson: What we talked about, just to make sure you're comfortable with that.
Dr Jameson: Yes. All right. So the purpose of today's visit is to sort of do a medical just review of your medical history or current status, whatever, and then
Dr Jameson: Sort out
Dr Jameson: What
Dr Jameson: what the situation is. And are you already are you taking Suboxone currently
Dr Jameson: Yes. Okay. But that makes things a little bit more straightforward easily but ok so that probably means I can skip the step about whether or not you are a good candidate for it.
Dr Jameson: Yeah. OK. So anyway, but we'll start in the beginning for a minute, if you don't mind some simple things like are you allergic to any medication.
Rhonda shears: And yes, more fame and and more trained pianist Ceylon in K flakes.
Dr Jameson: Do you know what happened when you took
Dr Jameson: Penicillin
Rhonda shears: And it's made me break out and it's well my throat.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Rhonda shears: Same thing with the other two.
Dr Jameson: Okay, I was gonna be my next question you beat me to it.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: And then the morphing did that too.
And
Dr Jameson: Were you taking
Rhonda shears: Our fingers a little bit worse than the others. Was I mean I was hospitalized or not they gave me more free when I had some surgery.
Rhonda shears: See me home with it and I was allergic to it, they gave it to me at the hospital and it was a one day surgery but it didn't do me that way they're ready when I came home and to take the first peel it me that way.
Rhonda shears: I was allergic.
Dr Jameson: Uh huh. OK. You are not antibiotics. At the same time, where you
Rhonda shears: And yes, I was
Dr Jameson: Hard to know which one of the things you're honest, the problem, but anyway.
Dr Jameson: I'm not going to prescribe you morphine, so I'm not that were
Dr Jameson: even able to take other pain pill obviously buprenorphine.
Dr Jameson: stop bothering you.
Dr Jameson: Can you take other like oxy oxy colons and stuff like that to those make your throat swell, or just the
Rhonda shears: Marquis. Yea.
Dr Jameson: Sorry, I'm asking the question in a confusing way so you can take those other ones without a problem.
Dr Jameson: Yay, okay.
Dr Jameson: Okay. Okay, so you're currently taking this is it Suboxone or sub you texts and filmed or tablets.
Rhonda shears: It's just massive
Dr Jameson: Okay. Is it the generic or the brand.
Dr Jameson: And generic. Okay.
Dr Jameson: And how many a day what strength.
Rhonda shears: Good day.
Dr Jameson: Are they the eighth
Rhonda shears: Is the age
Okay.
Dr Jameson: And how long have you been on that.
Rhonda shears: And very funny year
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: Um,
Rhonda shears: Have relapsed and couple of times in the year within the year. And I haven't in last five months. Again, good. So, for
Dr Jameson: Me really you been on the Suboxone that whole time.
Dr Jameson: Yes. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, it's a pretty helpful. It seems like for many people.
Dr Jameson: Yes. Are you taking any other prescriptions currently
Rhonda shears: And yes, I take him yet opinion and take a blood pressure pill or the sooner prevail.
Rhonda shears: And 10 cm.
Dr Jameson: Okay, one second. Let me just put all this in
Dr Jameson: Computers is not cooperating, though.
Dr Jameson: Doing that. Alright, so you're taking Gabba Penton
Dr Jameson: You know the drop. Do you happen to know a dose on that by
Rhonda shears: The 300 milligram and potato to those three times a day to one time three times a day, and I see 600
Rhonda shears: And that is awash in Canada 600 milligrams, so they
Rhonda shears: Don't know why but
Dr Jameson: I could one one guess
Dr Jameson: Why some medicine, the cost
Dr Jameson: What are you, what are they treating you for with that.
Rhonda shears: Image from at Elaine's in the bag.
Dr Jameson: Do you have
macrobiotic
Dr Jameson: Apathy or
Rhonda shears: Neuropathy it's I was in a car race and it makes it broke my leg and it makes my backup when it broke my leg. I can walk for a while.
Rhonda shears: It's been years ago, but I've had problems ever seen it.
Dr Jameson: Okay, and then you said Lisinopril
Dr Jameson: High blood pressure. Is it the kind that has a fluid killing it to
Rhonda shears: Now I actually take a full appeal with it.
Exactly.
Dr Jameson: All right, it's not that important. If you happen to know your Lisinopril dose. I'll put it in. But if you don't know that's
Rhonda shears: Okay 20 milligram. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Do we say that
Dr Jameson: Hypertension.
Dr Jameson: Did you take hydrochloric
Dr Jameson: Or something bad.
Rhonda shears: Yes.
Dr Jameson: Potassium
Rhonda shears: Another blood pressure pill. I came trying to think of the name of it and
Dr Jameson: There's so many. I mean,
Rhonda shears: I and I
Rhonda shears: am hoping. Yes, that's it.
Dr Jameson: Okay, and then
Dr Jameson: 1020
Rhonda shears: It's the chin.
Dr Jameson: Anything else that you take
No.
Rhonda shears: Okay.
Dr Jameson: All right. That tells me right away you have high blood pressure.
Dr Jameson: And
Dr Jameson: So you broke your leg. So you have kind of like a chronic pain there.
Dr Jameson: Right.
Dr Jameson: Any trouble. Yeah, I am sorry, are you any trouble with your kidneys.
Rhonda shears: And now.
Dr Jameson: And
Dr Jameson: Did you break your back and that accent or you just had a
Rhonda shears: No, no, just my leg. My leg was pushed by here it actually my son, my backup.
Dr Jameson: Have you had any operations.
Rhonda shears: Yeah, I've had many operations, but not on my back and I never requested it, that I refused it.
Okay.
Dr Jameson: All right, Lisa given on Suboxone for about 10 months. So you started tune or so.
Rhonda shears: LM
Rhonda shears: May, June of last year, too, and
Dr Jameson: We'll come back to that. But since I'm in this page with that and. Okay, so you've had, like, your gallbladder and that kind of stuff. What's
Rhonda shears: Now I've had it taken out. I had a hysterectomy.
Dr Jameson: So you did have your gallbladder taken out.
Yes.
Dr Jameson: hysterectomy. Did they take your ovaries to
Rhonda shears: Just one.
Rhonda shears: The rat.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: Left.
Dr Jameson: Okay. Was that done because of bleeding or Rosa why
Rhonda shears: I had cancer.
Dr Jameson: And the enemy trio or circle.
Rhonda shears: Circle and I had to have chemo.
Dr Jameson: Oh, okay.
Dr Jameson: Any other operations.
Rhonda shears: And yeah, I had a tumor removed and run out of money.
Dr Jameson: Okay. Do all kind of tumor was
Rhonda shears: No, but I had to have chemo with it. I can't think in the name.
Is all wrong.
Rhonda shears: What
Lymphoma
Rhonda shears: It sort of sounds like it is back in 1999 so it's been a while. And I can't really remember everything
Okay.
Dr Jameson: So,
Dr Jameson: Question. Okay, and any others.
Now,
Dr Jameson: Let's go back. You had cervical Wait, did you say cervical cancer or endometrial cancer every
Dr Jameson: We have chemo.
Dr Jameson: And then you had question lymphoma.
Dr Jameson: Did they do radiation or chemo there.
Rhonda shears: A damn radiation.
Dr Jameson: Should they do chemo and radiation.
And though.
Dr Jameson: They did radiation on your in the server go on to
Yes.
Dr Jameson: But they didn't think the two are related to each other.
No.
Rhonda shears: No we're not years apart. So I had a hysterectomy and 87 and then I had that 99
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: Does any anything of note run in your family's far as medical conditions or addiction alcohol problem.
Rhonda shears: And then there was alcohol addiction with my brothers and
Rhonda shears: There's a cancer and stuff like that heart problems runs in my family.
Dr Jameson: So more than one brother.
Rhonda shears: Yeah, I'll three. I've got one leven leven and then I've got to ask way.
Dr Jameson: Because of the drinking or other reasons.
Rhonda shears: Now because the event cancer. Well,
Dr Jameson: What kind of cancer.
Rhonda shears: And my brother has one of them had lung cancer and one has lived
Dr Jameson: Let's just check this out. So
Dr Jameson: You know,
Rhonda shears: It's
Dr Jameson: Pepsi.
Dr Jameson: Okay. And he was a drinker, which is an awful combination, unfortunately. OK. OK. And then how about your parents.
Rhonda shears: And my mother's past. She had a massive stroke and my father passed day to help how
Rhonda shears: Is alcoholic also
Rhonda shears: And yeah, and
Dr Jameson: We're freezing up. Sorry.
Dr Jameson: I didn't hear that the computer kind of what you were saying sorry your dad.
Dr Jameson: Her dad had watched
Rhonda shears: My father had stresses every lever that's why he
Dr Jameson: Uh huh. Okay.
Dr Jameson: And then
Dr Jameson: Anybody else that's been
Dr Jameson: Struggling with opiates, or just
Rhonda shears: Know,
Dr Jameson: You okay, okay.
Dr Jameson: All right.
Rhonda shears: There's eight of us, so there's there's only four of us.
Dr Jameson: Oh, wow.
Dr Jameson: Nice.
Dr Jameson: System. It's a little annoying. It doesn't save very reliably. So I was afraid to close that screen. Okay. All right. So who do you live with.
Rhonda shears: And I say,
Dr Jameson: Okay, so you have your own place. But you sometimes spend time with your boyfriend's
Yes.
Okay, so
Dr Jameson: You have kids.
Rhonda shears: Yes, I have two boys.
Dr Jameson: Are grown up or the ground.
Yes.
Rhonda shears: Already there's 36 and 37
Dr Jameson: grandkids.
Rhonda shears: Yeah, I guess she said oh
Dr Jameson: Wow, I hope they're nearby, although I guess nobody is able to see anybody right now but
Rhonda shears: Yeah, they're near BAM.
Dr Jameson: You can see
Rhonda shears: I talked to mom.
Dr Jameson: Okay, and then are you divorced or never married
And
Dr Jameson: Then work are you working. Were you working
Rhonda shears: Now I draw disability. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Because of your back. Yes.
Dr Jameson: Did you work before that.
Dr Jameson: Yes. What kind of work to do.
Rhonda shears: So so Dan chance
Dr Jameson: Oh,
Dr Jameson: puts you back to work making masks.
Rhonda shears: Yeah, and AJ late, we need on
Dr Jameson: Yeah, I'm surprised I guess it depends on how you're sitting, but I think sitting down and
Rhonda shears: Be nice to be able to write
Rhonda shears: It bothers me to see a long time he was in
Rhonda shears: La a long time.
Uh huh.
Dr Jameson: Everyone keeps talking about these standing desks and it's better for us to as I, as I say that I should put mine up
Dr Jameson: You're sitting
Dr Jameson: Okay, but I'm just on my feet tricky sewing but
Dr Jameson: Taking breaks. I don't know.
Dr Jameson: Let's see, alcohol for you.
Rhonda shears: Know it's not really
Rhonda shears: No, I don't care for it was
Dr Jameson: Not your thing. Okay.
Dr Jameson: And I see I think I saw you smoke and so my
Answer that question.
Dr Jameson: How much
Rhonda shears: And, you know, over a half a pack a day maybe as maybe that whoever 13 secret today.
Dr Jameson: Have you caught back or thought about what you've been
Rhonda shears: Back up went from two packs.
Dr Jameson: Right.
Rhonda shears: And it's a lot and I need to quit and hopefully someday can
Dr Jameson: Hmm. Well, yeah, I think it would be good.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, it's not easy, but
Dr Jameson: Does your boyfriend smoke.
Rhonda shears: Yes.
Dr Jameson: Oh,
Dr Jameson: It's breaking up again, sorry, I didn't hear him say one more time.
Rhonda shears: Now he doesn't
Dr Jameson: Oh good, that helps.
Rhonda shears: Me. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Okay, and then
Dr Jameson: I think that's all BS. But no, you're not having any legal issues, right.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, okay.
Dr Jameson: Good.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so tell me, how did the opiate. Tell me about the opiates for you. So come to be
Rhonda shears: And I was on pain medication for years and they cleaning closed down so
Rhonda shears: I ended up having to get on Suboxone because as buying off the streets or wherever I needed it.
Dr Jameson: Everybody just a box.
Dr Jameson: Will where they treating you with the pain clinic.
Rhonda shears: As treat me with Dr. More founding Alex ICO down
Rhonda shears: Again, and I also like methamphetamine.
Mm hmm.
Dr Jameson: So you were buying what on the streets whatever you can get or
Rhonda shears: Actually more found in Nazi code in them.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: And then
Dr Jameson: And then you started into did you buy this box on the street at first. Are you went to the
Rhonda shears: Bottom on the street is
Rhonda shears: Not like an idea was saying pills.
Dr Jameson: Right, okay. So you were buying them on the street. Did you ever get anything stronger than those are you didn't use heroin.
Rhonda shears: No, no, I never use heroin. Okay.
Dr Jameson: And then, what made you decide to go into treatment last year.
Rhonda shears: The cows mass and me as you're out there and you fail, and it was either you ale or I would see my Frankie.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so you kind of had a an ultimatum.
Dr Jameson: Yes. Okay.
Rhonda shears: As long as it was
Dr Jameson: Yeah.
Rhonda shears: I knew I needed and then add
Rhonda shears: That was as bad on the news.
Dr Jameson: How is that affecting you at that point.
Rhonda shears: Is effect. Maybe was everything I could keep I couldn't keep my mom's I Kidding kidding. Keep the anything and I mean it was just, I was
Rhonda shears: Doing every again everything anything except for sell myself or sell are still adding steel or I didn't sell myself to get it but I mean was more nice have a bag or make
Rhonda shears: Me and evaluated take
Dr Jameson: So okay, so you didn't get into legal trouble. But you were
Dr Jameson: burning a lot of bridges. I guess it was a
Rhonda shears: Man, yeah.
Dr Jameson: All right.
Dr Jameson: So then you started Suboxone treatment.
And
Dr Jameson: So that was Julie said.
Dr Jameson: You were an ultimatum.
Rhonda shears: Okay, so as you gave me
Rhonda shears: Oh, sorry. Go ahead. On paper, maybe go the first couple times. I went
Dr Jameson: And
Rhonda shears: To try to give me, you know, something that I could you tell me if it's eight on the Suboxone i was i was good with a kids now but you know I get out a he knows if I get asked about what
Dr Jameson: What do you think would happen if you off of it.
Rhonda shears: Right now, I probably would like to paint medicine event.
Rhonda shears: I think in I want in the long run. I want to get out of this box in a beach like no
Dr Jameson: Yeah.
Rhonda shears: Well,
Dr Jameson: I mean, I think. I don't think that's, I think that's very rational I you know I think you're right. But I also think if we try to rush it then.
Dr Jameson: It tends to backfire.
Dr Jameson: Part of this is, you know, some people that have chronic pain, we use the Suboxone to treat their pain.
Dr Jameson: And yeah, you're physically dependent on it, but
Dr Jameson: It's it's a lot safer than a lot of the other other alternatives. Right.
Dr Jameson: So, I mean, if we have if there's a way to keep your pain under control without the Suboxone, you know, like say gab offended or you know something else then okay but sometimes we can only go so far on the tapering because the pain starts to
Dr Jameson: Interfere with
Dr Jameson: That we're
Dr Jameson: Our goal.
Dr Jameson: So anyway, but we'll see how it goes. I think
Dr Jameson: I think it's awesome. Well, tell me about the the the program you are using your in before. And why are you switching just curious.
Rhonda shears: And I was seeing would say when I started, I have a 375 a month and then I have a three ad for my medicine.
Rhonda shears: And it's really a real experience if you know and I wanted something that would cover my insurance know and it took a wow did he find you out where I could get somebody that ever did.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so they didn't take insurance there.
Dr Jameson: No. Did they provide you the medication or you went to the pharmacy.
Rhonda shears: I went to the pharmacy.
Dr Jameson: And you're interested in cover it there either.
Rhonda shears: And now, because they didn't. They weren't Teen, teen care grapes. They weren't any. So they didn't it wouldn't cover none of my medicine.
Dr Jameson: Are they going to cover your medicine now.
Rhonda shears: It. They yeah I found somebody that was them that change here covered in yeah he would cover my medicine.
Dr Jameson: Is it the pharmacy that you have to find if I were to me.
Rhonda shears: No, no, he was the doctors that I had to find that check my insurance.
Dr Jameson: Okay, but I don't understand. Okay, but
Rhonda shears: You okay, they don't have
Rhonda shears: Since the doctors doesn't fit my insurance do the pharmacy. Can't the won't, it won't pay for my medicine at the pharmacy, because the doctor was in England.
Dr Jameson: Oh, they care who prescribed
Rhonda shears: Oh, yes.
Dr Jameson: Wow okay that's rough. Alright, so, um, so basically you're switching to us because it's covered by your insurance.
Dr Jameson: Yes. Okay.
Rhonda shears: I mean, I like the doctors and all down there, but
Rhonda shears: You know, it's too expensive.
Dr Jameson: Yeah. And then where they provide. So how did what was the, what was the protocol there. Did you how often did you go. Did you have counseling. Did you have
Rhonda shears: Getting there and I had counseling. When I went
Dr Jameson: Okay so so monthly visit
Dr Jameson: With a doctor.
Dr Jameson: And then separately met with the counselor.
Dr Jameson: Yes. Okay. Monthly
Dr Jameson: Yes, but no other like, nope, sir. Our support groups or anything, but okay and do where they requiring any like na or a meeting or anything else.
Rhonda shears: No, no.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: Just
Dr Jameson: Quest, just so I know and then with the
Dr Jameson: Backing up one second. When you were taking this medicine, the pain pills were you swallowing them or were you doing anything else with them.
Rhonda shears: snort name.
Dr Jameson: And then how much we would do. Do you remember how many you were taking a day by the by the peak.
Rhonda shears: I was supposed to take and three of the oxy more found a day and three oxycodone that I was actually taken more than I was posted
Dr Jameson: Right. Do you remember how much
Rhonda shears: I can that average speaks of the optimal
Rhonda shears: And then taken about versus the other one.
Dr Jameson: Okay. Do you remember how strongly or
Rhonda shears: And yes, I've seen was
Rhonda shears: In
Dr Jameson: Can you hear me this stupid connection out. Go drops out, just when you're saying that they want more time they were the ones are healthy.
Rhonda shears: Healthy more
Dr Jameson: Six.
Rhonda shears: Yes.
Rhonda shears: I mean between email. We're not when I say he
Dr Jameson: Came in that sense. Okay.
Dr Jameson: So you were like 100 100 milligrams of each. Well, I've actually more phone
Dr Jameson: And then the oxy code owns were
Rhonda shears: Saying it was there 20 million
Dr Jameson: So same thing off the hundred hundred of each about a day minimum
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: All right.
Dr Jameson: And that's expensive to right
Rhonda shears: Now, yeah.
Very good.
Rhonda shears: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Did you have any overdoses.
Rhonda shears: Okay, there was one where overdose and about like it and
Rhonda shears: You
Rhonda shears: Said, there was one where about doing make it
Dr Jameson: So they have to give you
Rhonda shears: The now i did i still waiting and any those same viewers down every day.
Dr Jameson: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Did they have to give you an hour can
Rhonda shears: Yes.
Dr Jameson: Did you go the hospital or just somebody came to the house. Oh.
Rhonda shears: I went to school.
Dr Jameson: Did you have to say it stay overnight or it was just a
Rhonda shears: day a week a nasty.
Dr Jameson: Wow, so you didn't wake up right away.
Rhonda shears: No, I didn't. Yeah.
Rhonda shears: I didn't like it today.
Rhonda shears: Wow.
Dr Jameson: That must have been well not for you. I guess you're asleep, but I must care for your family. And when you woke up, I'm hearing. Yeah.
Rhonda shears: Yeah, it's fishing at 97 and closing
Rhonda shears: A case.
Rhonda shears: In
Rhonda shears: Case, you don't want him around somebody
Rhonda shears: I understand that.
Rhonda shears: This is
Rhonda shears: Than you know
Rhonda shears: Better though the one I take his medicine every morning and then I mean I feel a lot better. Um, I don't know any other medicines.
Rhonda shears: They do hell.
Rhonda shears: They just don't might be a good thing.
Dr Jameson: Right, so that broke up a little bit. Again, I just want to make sure I heard what you said. So it was scary for you. And then you're younger son.
Dr Jameson: Was the one that he's the one that has the boys and said you can't see them as if you're because he didn't want them to be exposed like the risk of you.
Rhonda shears: Is
Dr Jameson: being affected by yeah okay
Yes.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: So you had that overdose. And were there any others or that was
Rhonda shears: Yeah, I just had to, but the version was that I had in our can you have got a hospital in safety when I did.
Dr Jameson: It and that was shortly before you enter treatment than that big week long one.
Yes.
Dr Jameson: So that was probably also part of the trigger for. Okay, enough. It's enough
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: Let's see.
Dr Jameson: Reverse Marchand in home times one second severe overdose.
Dr Jameson: With week five days and I see you. He said, Yeah.
Dr Jameson: That was that in June or in May, when did that happen.
Rhonda shears: And actually happening baby way.
Rhonda shears: Okay, yes.
Okay.
Dr Jameson: So,
Dr Jameson: My opinion which is just my opinion, but I believe that typically like for someone like you. There was pain that you were treating but you just referred a minute ago to the fact that the medicine was also making you hi
Dr Jameson: I believe that there's usually multiple things that are leading to the use an overuse of of opioids or drugs of any kind of abuse, so
Dr Jameson: You know, the desire to feel high, for example, like, not everybody is looking for an escape, you know, some people are really looking for an escape so
Dr Jameson: That's to me where I think like we got the chemical stuff kind of covered now with the Suboxone but what we want to make sure we also address are those other factors that
Dr Jameson: played a role in you, ending up where you had gotten to with looking for escape or whatever that was trying not to feel something else or
Dr Jameson: A lot of times people are self medicating a depression or anxiety or trying to forget about some bad stuff that's happened to them and
Dr Jameson: That's where the counseling piece.
Dr Jameson: Comes into play.
Dr Jameson: So we don't have to get into a deep
Dr Jameson: Discussions right now about things that may or may not be things you like to talk about. But does that like resonate with you. Does that seem like that kind of stuff could be playing a role. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, for sure. I mean, I think there's a very small percent of folks that didn't that wasn't part of what why this happened you know lots of people get prescription for pain medicines. But, and many of you can, you know, into big trouble. But not everybody does. So
Dr Jameson: Yes, there's gonna be there's gonna be other things going on. Yeah, so that's why we are. I am especially, but I think we, in general, as a and in our program are pretty
Dr Jameson: I hesitate to use the word insistent, but it's pretty close to that.
Dr Jameson: About people really engaging in some significant you know like
Dr Jameson: One on one counseling with with somebody that can kind of help them sort all that out. Like if you don't already understand why that what it is, where it was coming from figuring that out and then figuring out ways to either heal wounds or
Dr Jameson: delve into other idea other ways to to kind of self, self sooth
Rhonda shears: Yes, and that
Dr Jameson: Yeah, that don't that doesn't involve some sort of mind altering
Dr Jameson: Product or substance. Right.
Dr Jameson: So I hope you'll take advantage of that that opportunity to to work with somebody and really kind of as you're comfortable, you don't have to. It doesn't. They don't throw you in the deep end, all at once. But, um,
Dr Jameson: But to, like, you know, as you're able to be comfortable with that kind of peel.
Dr Jameson: Peel that can that the top off the can of worms and get in there and figure that all out.
Dr Jameson: Which I think is the hardest part of this whole thing.
If I'm being yeah
Dr Jameson: But we have some really great counselors and and I know a lot of lot of the patients I I observe seemingly quite reluctant to go there and meet with like, you know, I keep missing appointments and it's like really hard to get people to like get there.
Dr Jameson: Yet I haven't met someone yet we you know we twist the arm you know kind of hard if we have to. But once we get once people start meeting with the counselor I they always say, oh, it's really helpful. I'm glad I'm drinking but but it's sometimes it's scary to
Dr Jameson: Get their
Start the process.
Dr Jameson: Since you've been meeting with the counselor already. Hopefully it's not a completely
Dr Jameson: Foreign an idea.
Rhonda shears: No, I'm kind of used to it.
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Were you finding it helpful. Do you think
Rhonda shears: Yeah yeah day
Dr Jameson: And then do you do you meet with somebody now locally and you. I mean, the other thing is, it doesn't have to be with us if you have a counselor already that
Rhonda shears: There's one. You could probably get a
Dr Jameson: Mean, you're welcome to come to us. I'm just saying, like, we don't insist that you somebody already has a relationship in a working, you know, they're working with someone, we're not going to like we're, you know, insist that you stopped meeting with that person and come meet with us.
Rhonda shears: So yeah, and
Rhonda shears: Now there's not one and yeah I'm looking
Dr Jameson: Yeah so well. Okay, so we'll plan on doing our usual thing and then it sometimes there's insurance things and people kind of have to use somebody local and mobile and okay
Dr Jameson: Yeah. Okay. So let me ask you a couple more weird questions like How tall are you,
Rhonda shears: And
Dr Jameson: And you know how much you were approximately these days.
Dr Jameson: So I don't know if they've gone over the general structure of our program with you too much. It doesn't seem usually like people have heard too much about it.
Dr Jameson: It's not a nothing fancy just. We do weekly meetings with we have a group, it's, it's our program is mainly centered around group counseling.
Dr Jameson: And meeting and then
Dr Jameson: So after this visit with me and it's fairly straightforward, since you already on the medicine. We don't have to like do any type trading of, you know, inductions or type trading of doses or anything. Right, so that makes it easy and then going forward. We meet you and i mean
Dr Jameson: Weekly in the group and we start out weekly over time as people are
Dr Jameson: You know,
Dr Jameson: Following up and keeping appointments and, you know,
Dr Jameson: Doing they're
Dr Jameson: Participating as we
Dr Jameson: Backed we will eventually like after a couple months, a
Dr Jameson: Sort of reward you with. Okay, now you get a two week supply at a time in the pharmacy and then ultimately the month.
Dr Jameson: I'm in the process of looking you up in the database from Tennessee. I just had to look up your make sure that your the spelling of your name right, we sometimes extend the courtesy for people that have been in treatment and
Dr Jameson: You know, doing this a while to start at the two weeks since you're, you're not brand new to the treatment.
Dr Jameson: 618 68. So let me just see what
Dr Jameson: Comes up if if if they they were not you're getting in at the same pharmacy that you're going to go to with me with us or
Dr Jameson: Yes. Okay, so you should be in there. Sometimes the private places are not
Dr Jameson: Recording all this into the system.
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: And then so we do the week we meet meetings with groups. And then what that looks like, is there's a counselor. In this case it will be, Rochelle. Who's, who's one of our concerts in Tennessee and then myself. And we usually try to meet limits of eight to 10 patients so
Dr Jameson: And then, and it's it's
Dr Jameson: Informal i mean
Dr Jameson: It's me.
Dr Jameson: So when's the last time that you, you still have some medication left
Okay.
Dr Jameson: Looks like they're going
Dr Jameson: To eat and then
Dr Jameson: We just increased you look like maybe because of lack of the office.
Dr Jameson: coven 18 stuff that they need longer
Dr Jameson: So looks like they did the same thing, a week and then two weeks and then
Rhonda shears: Mm hmm. Yeah.
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: And then there
Rhonda shears: Was I just had to pay will be and sometimes we you know monthly just
Rhonda shears: depend on how much money.
Rhonda shears: That is that if I paid weekly then I was able to pay more.
Rhonda shears: Because he was
Rhonda shears: Like 175 and then two weeks, was to 50 that month was 375 so so let's get ripped off. I'll go wants to wait then
Rhonda shears: When they made us when I first started actor pay weekly, and I would
Rhonda shears: Just be charged 375 when I first started out, because they said paid for mountain. These can mean lately. And that's what I would do.
Dr Jameson: Nothing. Okay.
Dr Jameson: So,
Dr Jameson: You last
Dr Jameson: Filled your prescription last last week or the week before
Rhonda shears: And the 20 seats. Okay.
Dr Jameson: And that's about a so we're number 50
Dr Jameson: Yeah.
Rhonda shears: That's all day.
Rhonda shears: As me for $30 for 60 bit academically. I only have $400 left to get. Yep. Yeah.
Rhonda shears: Okay, there's
Rhonda shears: Enough farms.
Uh huh.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so you still have more that you can pick up
Rhonda shears: Yes.
Dr Jameson: But now that we're writing a prescription and it'll be covered by your insurance.
Dr Jameson: Me. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Well, so I should read you a new one. Instead of using that last resale. I guess.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, let's see. So 714 21 but you won't need a refill now. So even so you won't need to refill until
Dr Jameson: At least another week and a half.
Rhonda shears: Anyway. Oh, yeah, yeah.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so I hate to tell you this. Now, I don't know if that pharmacy accepts it but there's also a coupon. You can use a good Rx coupon to get a discount on the cash price. But anyway, that won't be necessary. I guess going forward.
Dr Jameson: Okay. Um, so we have the weekly groups. The Tennessee my Tennessee group is that are you Eastern or central
Rhonda shears: Eastern
Dr Jameson: Okay, at noon on Wednesdays. Is that going to be okay for you.
Rhonda shears: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: So I'll add you to that group. So will we can play in on you starting this Wednesday.
Dr Jameson: Do you have a copay or do you have to it.
Rhonda shears: And
Rhonda shears: No, I don't have no copay okay
Dr Jameson: All right, so it's no difference to either way you're going to save, you're going to be saving a lot of money here.
Rhonda shears: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: I'm okay.
Dr Jameson: Now, if we can get you to quit smoking, and you have even more money.
Rhonda shears: To do so, I know.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: So let me assign you to that group. Now before I
Dr Jameson: lose my train of thoughts. Okay, so I don't need to send you my name is Chris prescriptions today. Do you have any questions about how the medicine works like where what it does and you're bringing in all this and
Rhonda shears: And now they discussed it with me whenever started taking
Dr Jameson: And you had, you mentioned that you had some relapses after you, which is okay that's unfortunately part of your generally that's the right that's the
Dr Jameson: Typical I guess the norm almost
Dr Jameson: So I'm not. I'm not. You know, I'm getting trouble for it. It's just part of the part of the process. And I'm but that was most recently, you said five months ago.
Rhonda shears: Mm hmm. Okay.
Dr Jameson: And were you
Dr Jameson: Did you stop your Suboxone and then start using what, how did that what
Dr Jameson: What did that look like
Rhonda shears: At weight to them mad and everyone knows it.
Dr Jameson: Okay, and so you you last use math five months ago or more recently.
Dr Jameson: Okay. And how long did you use it for when you relax.
Rhonda shears: And awake.
Dr Jameson: And just just
Dr Jameson: The way I approached these things as well. Let's talk about it. Well, what were you looking for. Did it give you what you were looking for, like, what, what was the trigger, like, what, what
Rhonda shears: Works for me knew it. I went to pain medicine. I probably wouldn't wait
So I chose that.
Dr Jameson: And we're, you know,
Oh,
Rhonda shears: Sorry.
Go ahead.
Rhonda shears: I said no way I'd started depending on you know I made it better maybe stop whatever I was feeling you mean
Rhonda shears: I don't know. It seemed like that.
Rhonda shears: I got into it with my son and feeling sorry for myself, I guess. And that's when I went and did it so
Rhonda shears: Now is it for about a week.
Rhonda shears: That actually it and then say to myself, and never do that again as it was wrong. Anyway, we get an argument. I can't remember that it
Rhonda shears: Is not right.
Dr Jameson: Well, you could, but it's better not to. Yeah.
Rhonda shears: But I don't
Rhonda shears: Shoot it.
Dr Jameson: Did it. Did you like it. I mean, did it.
Rhonda shears: Now, now it seems like it made things worse.
Rhonda shears: And I didn't. And I didn't feel a bit different. I mean, I feel worse if anything
Dr Jameson: Uh huh, give you energy or did it make you paranoid, or what
Rhonda shears: Energy. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: But you didn't like that.
Rhonda shears: You know, I mean, I've never injected anything I see people on with a nice crazy and I
Rhonda shears: Think that way, whenever I was
Rhonda shears: In it.
Rhonda shears: Was only I have never did anything
Rhonda shears: Every man or. LAUGH And I never would have you used it before was that the first time you tried. Yeah.
Rhonda shears: Now I've used it before.
Okay.
Dr Jameson: Okay, and then any other while we're on that subject. Any other drug use in the past booking, those are, I guess you had prescriptions for all frazzle him at one point I saw on your
Rhonda shears: Yes, I was like in that in my split whenever they told me that it wasn't good to take it with this book.
Rhonda shears: So as I quit taking that
Dr Jameson: What was that, I mean, I know it's an anxiety for both that first leap, or what was that for
Rhonda shears: Tip for sleep.
Dr Jameson: How are you sleeping now.
Rhonda shears: I'm sleeping. Good.
Rhonda shears: good manners, you know, was when I first got my image.
Dr Jameson: Well, you know,
Dr Jameson: Yeah, well, you know that right. So one of the, I think that's the most common and the first thing that happens when people are withdrawing yes I can't sleep.
Dr Jameson: Yes. Right. Yeah.
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: And I guess we should document that too. So when you're not in withdrawal. Now, but when you have in the past, then what are the symptoms that you suffer with with that.
Rhonda shears: And leg cramps throwing in and and not. Am I sweat and constantly and I'm unable to sleep. Yeah.
Rhonda shears: Not doing any of those now. I mean, you get leg cramps at that as part of me having that rate. But other than that, I'm not doing any of the other
Good, yeah.
Dr Jameson: Have you ever had to skip Suboxone for a period of time for whatever reason.
And
Dr Jameson: So, you know, I think, just to remind you that it is also an opiate. So in a sense, you know, you're, you're dependent on this now instead of the other stuff.
Dr Jameson: It's a little different in that it's, I mean the same withdrawal would eventually will happen, it's just it's slower to get started and then it's a more gradual because it's a longer acting drug than others are so
Rhonda shears: I heard people come off of it and it lasted a lot longer. So
Dr Jameson: Yeah.
Rhonda shears: Well, say it's worse. But, I mean, I don't know how bad it is. I hope I don't have to either
Dr Jameson: No, I mean generally the, the goal is to taper so gradually that it's sort of a very minimally noticeable.
Rhonda shears: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: You know thing.
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: I, how do I say this in a way that doesn't seem wrong.
Dr Jameson: I think also one of the. Okay. One of the skills that I think our patients will benefit greatly from is sort of building up kind of the, the muscle of being able to tolerate discomfort.
Dr Jameson: Does that make sense. Like some people can, like, you know, you know, grit their teeth and get through things and other people are, you know, instantly looking for something to make it go away.
Dr Jameson: And I see that that
Dr Jameson: That is also a factor here, you know, to a large extent, so
Dr Jameson: Part of this is sort of becoming more psychologically prepared to be able to cope if one were to have to suffer through withdrawal symptoms. Now, we don't want to, like, make that have to happen, but
Dr Jameson: I think that also does sort of end up sort of being a
Dr Jameson: You know, the point at which whether people fly or flop, you know,
Dr Jameson: Not even if it's related to the this particular like okay we're gonna take you off. But what if you get in another car wreck or and unfortunately in life, like some other terrible thing is probably going to happen at some point, whether we like it or not. So are we going to be able to
Dr Jameson: You know tolerate the grief or whatever fear.
Dr Jameson: Natural or are we going to be
Dr Jameson: Ready to find something to make it all go away again. So that's where I think the counseling and, you know, that's part of how this where we help you know kind of changed the way we approach.
The
Dr Jameson: Adversity whether it's a physical painter and emotional one
Dr Jameson: Okay, so
Dr Jameson: Anyway, so we're not we're not not necessarily planning any tapering anytime soon. But, but, in general, I just was curious because sometimes
Dr Jameson: People, I don't know, make you know you miss your appointment, you couldn't get you couldn't afford them. But, you know, I'm just curious if this happened for you in the past. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so I kind of interrupted myself, we do the weekly groups.
Dr Jameson: Eventually, sometimes, although I really, if you, if you're not especially if it's not any different cost wise you don't have a copay or anything. I'm
Dr Jameson: Just as happy to have people continue coming every week, no matter what, whether we're sending you a month of prescription that time or not just, just for the
Dr Jameson: Kind of the support and the and the community which, I hope, hope you will find that it provides as you get to know people.
Dr Jameson: And then sometimes down the road you become sort of the, the, what the words of wisdom and the end the mentor in a way for some of the people that are newer you know as you get to as people become more sort of
Dr Jameson: veteran of the program me that that that's part of the process is actually, you know, being able to encourage and give experience and to the newer people, which also helps you. Oops, which will help you too, because you
Dr Jameson: Kind of give you a boost of confidence and self, you know, self esteem. So
Dr Jameson: You will have a minimum, but I hope it's only the beginning of a ongoing meetings with a counselor, but we do at least one initial evaluation. So for somebody that sees a counselor outside
Dr Jameson: And we're not, you know, we still have to do at least one initial evaluation and then at that point they hopefully will develop a treatment plan with her. Okay, we're going to meet every other week we're gonna we meet twice a week, whatever it is.
Dr Jameson: Going forward with the counselor, you have a set of labs that you're going to do now. Right. Did they give you a place to get that done.
Rhonda shears: Now because the hospital or anything isn't doing any labs right now. Okay. I mean,
Dr Jameson: Yeah. Have you had any labs done recently anywhere.
Rhonda shears: And now I'm a hard stick and the hospital know sit and they don't like to even try because I can't be stuck. I mean, and
Rhonda shears: I've had some lab work then and then a couple maybe a couple months ago. Okay.
Dr Jameson: What am I be work. That's probably so that's reason enough, I think.
Dr Jameson: I was gonna say, you know, even when you were in the hospital that was that was over a year ago, but just to see like what your kidney function and your liver function and your you know music kind of stuff like that.
Dr Jameson: Well, so yeah. Maybe can you instead of going to the lab, which I was wondering if that's what you're saying maybe see where if you remember where you had that done, if it was at the hospital, maybe. See if you can request copies of the labs that you've had in the last six
Rhonda shears: Months.
Dr Jameson: And if you ask them to send it to you, then you'll know when they've sent them that
Dr Jameson: And then you can send us an email.
Dr Jameson: Okay, with the copies included, so we can just put those up in your chart and
Dr Jameson: That sense of faith and then we normally do a drug screen initially with at the lab when you're having your blood work them anyway and then subsequent after that we do monthly drug screens we mail you a cup. I don't know if they explain that to you.
Rhonda shears: Know they didn't
Dr Jameson: Okay, so we can just skip the initial ones at the local lab. Oh, I guess.
Dr Jameson: I think what you said the lab is completely closed.
Rhonda shears: Yes.
Rhonda shears: Okay, if you're not doing anything in
Rhonda shears: The hospital.
Dr Jameson: Say if you just went for the year, in part, but if they're if they're closed. They're closed. Okay. So then I'll ask our care navigator to
Dr Jameson: mail you a cup and instead of doing that, after the first month, we can just do that. Okay. Initially, I'd also like to get copies of records from the previous treatment place. I don't know.
Rhonda shears: Their release form and they
Dr Jameson: Did they say they were going to submit that already.
Yes.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so we might see your drug screens that you've had done with them anyway. Okay. So yeah, we're kind of making some weird adjustments that because of this whole
Dr Jameson: Thing. So, okay. So normally we do a set of initial labs. I'm not as worried about it since you as you said yourself having injected yourself with anything we sometimes diagnose
Dr Jameson: Various things for
Dr Jameson: People
Dr Jameson: That have had that history.
Dr Jameson: And then
Dr Jameson: They be email you surveys. They like their
Dr Jameson: Their into data collection, which I think is good, but it does
Dr Jameson: require me to give you homework to do every week there's
Dr Jameson: A base, they asked you to fill out every week.
Dr Jameson: And whether they're trying to like learn really what what are some of the fun people start checking off the answering this question this way, we noticed that they end up falling out of treatment or relaxing or, you know, it's a way for us to kind of learn where we need to
Dr Jameson: start knocking and phone making phone calls, how what's going on.
And
Dr Jameson: So that's what it's about. But it does require 1520 minutes of your time every week to get those done and
Dr Jameson: Time. So I think that's pretty much the the summary of how the how the
Dr Jameson: Treatment goes, we did just bring on us a new counselor out she's in California, I think, but she can
Dr Jameson: See people anywhere in the country, for we have a lot of patients who have a trauma history. And I don't know if that's relevant to you or not, but if so she's, she's able to do a certain type of treatment that tends to help people kind of
Dr Jameson: reprocess basically is the way it's actually what they call it a memories. Anyway, so that they stopped triggering the same emotional reaction that they had before.
Dr Jameson: And that can be really life changing for a lot of people. So if that turns out to be something that's relevant to you your counselor can help coordinate that, when when they feel like you're
Dr Jameson: emotionally ready for it.
Dr Jameson: That's really a very unique offering. So I think that's
Dr Jameson: Exciting.
Dr Jameson: As well and then
Dr Jameson: Yeah, so and if and when we decide we're gonna start tapering we talked about that. It's, it's gonna be you know you want it. I think it's a good idea and your counselor thinks you're ready and then we can then we can talk about it.
Rhonda shears: Okay, so it's definitely
Dr Jameson: An option. I just no reason to read it. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Alright, so I have another person. So I guess I gotta stop talking. Do you have any questions before we go.
Rhonda shears: And only, and do they make me a scheduled me appointment with the counselor.
Dr Jameson: They should. But I don't know if they have yet.
Dr Jameson: I'm going, OK, I can see
Dr Jameson: You're gonna see
Dr Jameson: Today's Monday. So Wednesday, which is the day after tomorrow if you can
Dr Jameson: Set, you're always going to check into the virtual clinic, which is where you went today to start so
Dr Jameson: Around 11th. We asked people to start checking in. For group, no less than 30 minutes before it starts because everyone is checking in at the same time.
Dr Jameson: And there can be a little bit of
Dr Jameson: Yeah, you don't have any appointments other appointments yet.
Dr Jameson: So,
Dr Jameson: So for now, we can just all you need to remember is 1130 on Wednesdays, you want
Dr Jameson: To head to the virtual clinic and then they'll if you can have already filled out any surveys that you've gotten an email.
Rhonda shears: Now me, she made it that I will get some yeah
Dr Jameson: I'm saying, like, going forward, one of the things that slows down the checking in process is people that haven't filled their surveys out
Dr Jameson: Do that, before they can get their email so but code to the meeting. So if you can try to have done that already. And then in the first week is kind of weird because everything's new but
Dr Jameson: Going forward, that's one of the biggest things I think that mix it up.
Dr Jameson: And then if you're due for a drug screen. They might have you do it right then. So that's another thing if you know I have group on Wednesday, and I'm due for my drug
Dr Jameson: Screen and I have my cup maybe sign in Monday or Tuesday and try to get that done, so it's it's out of the way for the time by the time group.
Okay.
Dr Jameson: Okay. But yeah, if you want to go back to virtual clinic and ask them to schedule the counseling appointment, you can or they might be able to do that when you're checking in on Wednesday.
Dr Jameson: But usually within the first few weeks, we like to try to get that scheduled but
Dr Jameson: We've had a lot of new patients coming in as you can.
Rhonda shears: I just, I mean just standing in about 11 o'clock and just wait.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, and you can sign in, or you can check in early so you know if you're, if you call it 11 they can make sure everything's all set. They'll email you the zoom meeting ID for the week for the weekly group.
Dr Jameson: And then you can go about your business and do something else. And then just sign into the group at at at 12 so
Rhonda shears: Yeah, okay.
Rhonda shears: perfectly okay
Dr Jameson: I'm okay. Any other questions.
Rhonda shears: No, I don't think so. Okay.
Dr Jameson: You don't get any side effects from the Suboxone that you notice
Dr Jameson: Yeah, concentration or anything. Okay, all right, all right, well,
Dr Jameson: It was very nice to meet you.
Dr Jameson: YouTube. I look forward to working with you. So we'll see you on Wednesday.
Dr Jameson: Okay. Okay, bye.
Dr Jameson: You know how to get out.
Rhonda shears: Say lead okay you
Dr Jameson: Found it.
Dr Jameson: Well, this is wrong. This year's here for her initial history and physical chief complaint.
Dr Jameson: Like to switch to new program API.
Dr Jameson: RHONDA IS
Dr Jameson: 51 years old she started originally with prescription pain medication, but ultimately that clinic closed and she resorted to purchasing medication on the street, period.
Dr Jameson: She was using upwards of 200 milligrams of oxy coat on an oxymoron per day. She did have a couple overdoses a second, which was very significant and
Dr Jameson: landed her in the ICU for five plus days period ultimately her son gave her an ultimatum and offered to pay for her first few visits.
Dr Jameson: And she entered treatment and now local Suboxone clinic in June of 2019 it's been going fairly well though it's quite expensive. So she's eager to transfer into our program, which is covered by her insurance.
Dr Jameson: I filled in her
Dr Jameson: past medical history fairly extensively in her meds and everything.
Dr Jameson: Visible physical exam is normal her mental status is normal assessment opioid use disorder severe
Dr Jameson: Plan.
Dr Jameson: She's already
Dr Jameson: In a medication assisted therapy treatment plant program doing well for cost and convenience reasons.
Dr Jameson: She's interested in transitioning to our program, which seems a very appropriate. She's tolerating buprenorphine currently very well on 60 milligrams per day period. She still has medication available from her previous clinic period, we will obtain old records as well as recent lab results.
Dr Jameson: And she's going to begin treatment.
Dr Jameson: She's gonna join our Wednesday Tennessee group beginning
Dr Jameson: This week, so we'll get her bio psychosocial scheduled and begin individual counseling once once we get up and running.
Dr Jameson: She's already familiar with the mechanism of action does not have any side effects.
Jennfer castro: Okay, there we go.
Dr Jameson: There you go. Hi. I couldn't hear you. But you see how are you doing
Jennfer castro: I'm good, how are you
Dr Jameson: I'm okay. Thanks.
Dr Jameson: Did we did you miss group last week.
Jennfer castro: I can't remember. No, ma'am, I
Jennfer castro: Told me the group.
Dr Jameson: That's okay. Yeah, I know, I know. Well,
Dr Jameson: I say that, but people still do. So I forget what are we meeting about today, then
Jennfer castro: Because I did my pee test.
Jennfer castro: Oh, I thought
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: Well, tell me about it.
Jennfer castro: I don't know. I don't know what I've tested probably it.
Is
Jennfer castro: Because I don't know what each color are lining
Dr Jameson: Okay, well that's a little letters, but it's hard to beat them license. Okay. He tested positive for people in which we are happy to see, but also mess.
Jennfer castro: Oh yeah why towards he's like I'm trying one at a time like I really
Jennfer castro: Okay, I don't know. I'm trying
Dr Jameson: Yeah, how
Dr Jameson: Much are you, um,
Jennfer castro: I use every day.
Jennfer castro: I'm using it daily, but I'm not
Jennfer castro: Using as much like I used to.
Jennfer castro: So like in the morning and then like in the afternoon at after lunch, like an afternoon. That's about it.
Dr Jameson: So how much were using before.
Jennfer castro: Oh my god, I was smoking all day long. That's all I did.
Jennfer castro: I'd hit you know smoke black, can I smoke that might smoke that black and I'd smoke crystal.
Jennfer castro: Was my daily every day.
Dr Jameson: Yeah. So how's it going, cutting back
Jennfer castro: Well, I've tried to find more things to do but gosh with everybody, we're not
Dr Jameson: We're not making it easy for you, are we
Jennfer castro: I can't do any more puzzles, because those are all bought from the store. You think it's just like the necessity stuff but no like
Jennfer castro: All that stuff con to
Dr Jameson: How much Internet access to you. I mean I Data Wise, or you kind of limited or do you have no
Jennfer castro: Not at all. Okay.
Dr Jameson: So it was gonna say there's lots of we've talked about that and some of the groups.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, she heard about that but like the
Dr Jameson: Online museum tours and
Jennfer castro: Oh, yeah, yeah.
Dr Jameson: Well, there's music and different concerts and different
Jennfer castro: Really, I didn't know
Dr Jameson: Yeah, I mean I
Dr Jameson: I don't know about.
Dr Jameson: This depends what type of music you like but i would i would explore because you might be able to find
Dr Jameson: All sorts of things you wouldn't expect necessarily that are now available for free.
Dr Jameson: And then also meetings, I don't. I mean, support.
Dr Jameson: Groups and that's what
Jennfer castro: I that I have. That's not good.
Dr Jameson: What kind of steps would you like to do for fun. If you could do anything.
Jennfer castro: No, no.
Jennfer castro: Something that would keep my mind off everything
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Do you read
No.
Dr Jameson: Is it hard for you to read
Jennfer castro: It is it is
Jennfer castro: I care about my mind.
Dr Jameson: What about like a listening to a book on tape.
Jennfer castro: I might be able to do is to listen to one car in my car.
Jennfer castro: Yeah, like, stuff like that. But
Dr Jameson: Yeah, so, because that might be
Jennfer castro: Headed somewhere.
Dr Jameson: You have a x is the library closed.
Jennfer castro: I'm not sure I haven't been to the library.
Dr Jameson: So sometimes you can take out audible like library books.
Dr Jameson: And I don't know. I mean, you have to pay for books, sometimes. So I don't know how, if that's going to be doable or not. But yeah, that might be another another thing to try and learn, you know, sometimes, and you can like do something so semi educational to if you
Dr Jameson: Want to we
Dr Jameson: Talked about that book, the body keeps the score last week that might be well
Jennfer castro: Yeah, I think I wrote that down to. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: If you can maybe find that on. I know they have it audible book because I was trying to buy it. One night last week when I couldn't fall asleep, but I couldn't get it to work on my
Jennfer castro: There's a thing about Amazon.
Dr Jameson: The way you do. Do you have it you don't have Amazon Prime. You
Jennfer castro: Have Kindle. Yeah, I have Amazon Prime.
Dr Jameson: So you probably can buy it through that, then
Jennfer castro: Perfect.
Dr Jameson: So you have access to tons and tons of books that way then.
Jennfer castro: Yeah, but I have like no money so
Dr Jameson: Right. But if you have Amazon Prime. There's a bunch that are included in that I think
Jennfer castro: Oh yeah, yeah, for sure.
So,
Jennfer castro: Okay. What else did I just saw before.
Dr Jameson: That's it. What else
Dr Jameson: Might you have tested positive for
Jennfer castro: I don't know cuz last time there was five and I was like what the hell that was might have been something in here.
Jennfer castro: Maybe. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, okay.
Dr Jameson: So I guess. Do you have
Dr Jameson: Do you have like a sort of a schedule it all in mind as far as continuing to lean or taper or not.
Jennfer castro: I mean I, it gets easier almost easier. Do I stay away from everybody you know
Jennfer castro: So, but I like don't seem to want to get out of bed without it. I think that's a mental thing so
Dr Jameson: Well, yes. I mean, it's also it can be a chemical thing too, but where we able to get that other psychiatric appointment reschedule.
Jennfer castro: Well, I have one tomorrow. And I have one on Thursday with two different people.
Dr Jameson: So, okay, okay.
Jennfer castro: Now, one of them is my counselor and then I want to see that one lady again.
Dr Jameson: Because I know
Jennfer castro: When I talked to her when I use gave me to her last week or the week before that.
Jennfer castro: We didn't talk about none of that stuff. Nothing that she does. It's none of that.
Dr Jameson: She just loves
Jennfer castro: Me about my friends dying or the people that in your dying around me.
Dr Jameson: Well, I think that was kind of a, yeah. Well, there's
Jennfer castro: I didn't know we get so much I
Dr Jameson: Know you can only get to so much in in a certain amount of time, but I think
Dr Jameson: We also do like an initial evaluation to see sort of where you're at in general terms, and then you had this kind of crisis, neither my crisis, but it was an acute sort of sudden yeah issue that was happening. So that may be why they focus more on that.
Dr Jameson: But I think we talked about bipolar right
Jennfer castro: Yes. Yes. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: So we can get you on some treatment for that it might help with some of your, you know, feeling like getting out of bed. I don't know. But, you know, yeah, I think it's worth
Jennfer castro: We're kind of trying to get
Dr Jameson: That sort of cleared.
Dr Jameson: So that you have that you're not self medicating on top of every
Dr Jameson: Right else. Right. Yes. Yeah. Okay, so just keep make sure you've got alarm set and all that. So you keep those appointments, but yeah.
Jennfer castro: My mom is an early riser and early sleeper so
Jennfer castro: Like her schedule sucks. I've been almost on it.
Dr Jameson: Okay. All right, so then. Yeah, so I mean I don't, I think.
Dr Jameson: Yes, if we can contain if you can continue, I shouldn't say weeks I'm doing nothing.
Dr Jameson: To try you know maybe cut back to once a day, or I don't know how many
Dr Jameson: Okay, well, you're
Dr Jameson: On or whatever. But if we can keep on working moving
Dr Jameson: In that direction. Yes. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, unless you think stopping all of a sudden is better.
Jennfer castro: Well, no, I don't.
Dr Jameson: Because you would have already done.
Dr Jameson: Okay, well, um, yeah. I think if we can just keep moving. And then I appreciate your being open about it and and
Dr Jameson: We'll just kind of keep on moving forward and hopefully these other
Dr Jameson: Appointments and getting going with counting all that will kind of help.
Jennfer castro: Okay. I hope so too, because I feel like I'm making a lot of progress, but
Jennfer castro: Yeah.
Jennfer castro: I don't know, I guess, only that my drug tests will tell right
Dr Jameson: Well, but you know how you're feeling and how are you having cravings, like what's
Jennfer castro: Um, no, not really, not at all like I have a lot of pain. No, I mean, but
Jennfer castro: Like my shoulders really been bothering me lately.
Jennfer castro: Because my to use that to me because I heard it when I will be because I'm massage therapist.
Jennfer castro: I heard it a long time ago.
Jennfer castro: But I kept pushing through it. And I think that's what helped me push through it, though.
Dr Jameson: Does it seem muscular to you or
Jennfer castro: Yeah. Yeah, definitely.
Dr Jameson: So you do have some stretches or balls are saying you can
Jennfer castro: Yeah yeah yeah I do do that.
Dr Jameson: Okay, if anybody is equipped to be able to
Jennfer castro: So now we can't touch each other. So I can't even call one
Dr Jameson: Know what I'm saying we're nowhere you probably can.
Jennfer castro: Do. You're right. Right.
Jennfer castro: No, but what I'm saying is I would normally I would have called one of my
Jennfer castro: co workers and had them like just massage me, but I can't do that.
Dr Jameson: Yeah.
Jennfer castro: You know, so right.
Dr Jameson: Now it's frustrating.
Dr Jameson: Okay, but that should also, at least that's also a
Dr Jameson: It's a reversible thing like it's not a
Dr Jameson: You know, there's nothing you don't have a ripped rotator cuff or something.
Jennfer castro: Now, we don't have any
Jennfer castro: Though yeah I don't
Dr Jameson: I would doubt it, it might
Jennfer castro: Never went to the doctor for it, but I do know that. I mean, it hurts a lot
Jennfer castro: hasn't really been like, hurting. Like when I, when I first heard it. I mean, it was all the way down my arm, my fingertips.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Jennfer castro: But now it just stays in my shoulder. Okay.
Dr Jameson: So that's improving them. So yeah, so maybe try to put yourself on a schedule of at least a couple of times a day, stretching and rolling
Dr Jameson: Whatever, at least, and then hopefully that will continue to work itself out.
Dr Jameson: When you smoke. I mean, I, I'm so naive. I don't know. Is it there's like so many hits you can take or I mean
Jennfer castro: Every like I'll smoke a bowl, whatever, like a ball to me like between three people will laugh, like, No, I don't know.
Jennfer castro: Okay, but it'll go around.
Dr Jameson: Do you see your serious this is a
Dr Jameson: Group.
Dr Jameson: A social social event.
Dr Jameson: Okay, yeah.
Jennfer castro: Everybody wakes up, that's kind
Jennfer castro: Of like everybody migrate.
Dr Jameson: And, um,
Dr Jameson: Well, I mean,
Jennfer castro: Maybe I maybe I need to change that.
Dr Jameson: But well, right. So I think there's
Dr Jameson: There's multiple
Dr Jameson: You know factors involved. So yeah, I think.
Dr Jameson: Or have a social visit without that do that by yourself or something. So it's not
Dr Jameson: One in the same
Yeah.
Jennfer castro: Well, I'm pretty happy with my progress.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, no, I think you're doing. I think you're doing great.
Dr Jameson: I'm just sort of brainstorming if
Dr Jameson: You smoke cigarettes to
Jennfer castro: Yes, but I've cut way down on. Oh.
Jennfer castro: Good.
Dr Jameson: Well, I, the reason I was thinking about that is that healing your body tissues is very difficult when there's
Dr Jameson: less oxygen and
Dr Jameson: Smoking affects the blood vessels so
Dr Jameson: Getting your shoulder to feel completely better will be easier.
Dr Jameson: With less smoking and smoking, of all things, not just
Jennfer castro: Right, that's what I am a smoker smokers. Yeah.
So,
Dr Jameson: I know they're probably more expensive but like patches or
Dr Jameson: Nicotine
Jennfer castro: I can get them for free.
Dr Jameson: Oh, okay.
Jennfer castro: Well, because I'm Indian side, just go to that reservation.
Jennfer castro: Everything I get there. Almost anything and everything for free so
Okay.
Dr Jameson: Good and bad. I got your travel card. So, and I do have that
Cool.
Dr Jameson: Because that would be another way to at least keep the the tar and all that stuff out of your lungs.
Jennfer castro: Just
Dr Jameson: Just another thought. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Anything else you need
Jennfer castro: From. You know, I think I've gotten all my appointment order right now. As long as I don't miss them.
Jennfer castro: I'll be fine. And I'll see you Wednesday.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, I guess so. You have you have lots of appointments. This almost every day.
Jennfer castro: Do I do
Dr Jameson: Well,
Dr Jameson: But that's a meeting. Yeah. You can't say we weren't paying attention.
Jennfer castro: Okay.
Dr Jameson: Okay, well good i mean i i think yeah i'm i'm not i'm not displeased either is just we like to kind of, I kind of left them a standing standing
Dr Jameson: Request that when somebody has something that's not supposed to be in their drug
Dr Jameson: Screen that just set up an appointment with me so
Jennfer castro: Uh huh.
Dr Jameson: I think that's what happened.
Jennfer castro: No, yeah, no, for sure. I had asked to when I did the drug test. If I was going to have to have a meeting with you because she's. Oh yeah, I'll just put it into her secretary and I'm pretty sure you'll get a call for Monday, so
Jennfer castro: So, I mean, it's no big deal. I appreciate it, though.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, no, I am I'm yeah I know there's this. This is a challenging environment in which to try to
Dr Jameson: Can you can you exercise like kids are aware somewhere, you can go for a walk or ride a bike.
Jennfer castro: Yeah, that's what I'm doing right now. I do that all the time. That's really all I do.
Jennfer castro: When I'm outside that that's really all I do. Take a look.
Jennfer castro: Good.
Jennfer castro: Well that's good for you. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: Um,
Dr Jameson: I guess the other thing was, I'm trying to think, what else you can. I don't know how much you have as far as kitchen, but like
Dr Jameson: If you like to cook or i don't i don't know but
Dr Jameson: Trying to watch
Jennfer castro: The trailer. So propane is like limited sometimes so like I can't just experiment going there.
Dr Jameson: You know what
Dr Jameson: I do another recipes that involve knock
Dr Jameson: Cooking, then I don't know.
Jennfer castro: Very true. Doesn't have to
Dr Jameson: Be heat, heat related, I suppose.
Jennfer castro: Very true. That's very true.
Dr Jameson: Vegetables are. I know.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, I'm just trying to think of things to
Occupy
Dr Jameson: Do you have any interest or what did you talk. I can't remember anymore about going back to school.
Jennfer castro: Oh, I have some I have like massage therapy under my belt.
Jennfer castro: I'm Tech under my belt.
Jennfer castro: I kind of wanted to do something with medical but right now I don't think that's
Jennfer castro: In my future, but my medical system. I was recovering addict to my mother.
Jennfer castro: That's what they try
Dr Jameson: Yeah. Well, I was just thinking of things to occupy time that you can do from home that are, you know,
Jennfer castro: Constructive
Dr Jameson: Do music and I'll do sing or play you don't
Jennfer castro: Know, I don't do nothing like I have no talent like that at all.
Dr Jameson: Lately,
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: I'm only half kidding.
Dr Jameson: The record harmonica. I don't know.
Jennfer castro: Yeah, I think I drive everybody crazy with that they'd want to do drugs.
Dr Jameson: Or they'd love it.
Jennfer castro: You don't know. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Maybe you have to start far away when
Dr Jameson: I hear you. Anyway, I don't know, just ideas of things that might be
Jennfer castro: Well, those are so forth. I mean, I'll make a list. How about that. I'm like,
Jennfer castro: Yeah, like, you know, we'll talk
Jennfer castro: About that.
Dr Jameson: Your ideas are probably better than mine.
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: That's totally fair. Okay, so we'll see you on Wednesday. Wednesday. Right. Yeah.
Jennfer castro: Yes, ma'am.
Dr Jameson: And then
Dr Jameson: Yeah.
Jennfer castro: And then, yeah.
Jennfer castro: I have one Thursday. So I'll let you know how far it goes to Wednesday. Great.
Dr Jameson: Sounds good.
Jennfer castro: All right. Thank you.
Jennfer castro: You too. Bye.
Bye.
Jennfer castro: Should I leave it.
No. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: I still see you
Jennfer castro: Leave
Jennfer castro: And then over there to sleep.
Dr Jameson: Hello.
Dr Jameson: Hi. Oh, I can't hear you. Oh my god, it's in my ear.
NUU A7L: Okay, there we go.
Dr Jameson: How are you
NUU A7L: I'm okay my tablet was crashing and I am in my little phone here with work because it didn't last time. But thankful that it did.
Okay.
Dr Jameson: So you're scratching just today or you mean last week.
Dr Jameson: Now you're muted. We think happened.
Dr Jameson: Somehow you got muted.
Dr Jameson: Can you unmute yourself.
Dr Jameson: I don't know how you got muted.
Dr Jameson: There. Oh.
NUU A7L: Frustrating with this phone. That's why I don't like to use it.
Dr Jameson: Oh, I don't know how you can
NUU A7L: Put it on. Sorry.
Dr Jameson: to disturb or something. That's okay.
Dr Jameson: I'm okay. So you what happened last week with group.
NUU A7L: On my aunt. I had a major stroke and I'm
Dr Jameson: Very, very close
NUU A7L: And and so what they did was they found her unresponsive and she is in a convalescent home and but it was just, it was just very, all of a sudden she ended up having TI and a stroke, and she's already had a couple of them, but
NUU A7L: She's a little bit better. But if they were just thinking that she wasn't going to make it so it was just a crazy day
Dr Jameson: So I bet I'm
Dr Jameson: Did
Dr Jameson: You get your did they call in the medicine for you.
NUU A7L: Yes, they did.
NUU A7L: Thank you so much. It was
NUU A7L: A fiasco, but it ended up
NUU A7L: Working out and
Dr Jameson: And I appreciate ya know, it's, it's hard.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, that's right. I didn't get a message about this now that now that you said that, like, oh yeah, we had a bunch of people missing last week, so I forgot. At first, who was what, but
Dr Jameson: It gets tricky. BECAUSE I WORK. I WORK hospice, actually. So I'm out of the house and also in convalescing both on Thursdays and Fridays. I'm not around. So if you miss. It's kind of hard to
Dr Jameson: Oh, I think that's what the delay was about is that, you know, it gets harder to get
NUU A7L: A hold of me.
NUU A7L: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: I understand. So I'm sorry to hear about your on tonight, I hope, I hope he continues to
Dr Jameson: Move towards her towards her previous baseline. Now, that's scary.
Dr Jameson: How are things going. Otherwise, are you
Dr Jameson: hanging in there.
Dr Jameson: Hello.
Dr Jameson: So this is Natalie Gomez. I'll just start dictating here for follow up after she missed her group last week.
Dr Jameson: She reports that her aunt had a
Dr Jameson: Sudden stroke that day and was rushed to the hospital and
Dr Jameson: Given that
Dr Jameson: anxiety related to that. And in the middle of it all happening, she she wasn't able to get to group. She did call
Dr Jameson: I think the next day.
Dr Jameson: And there was some delay, but we ultimately were able to get her bridge for this week.
Dr Jameson: Mental Status physicals normal odd severe
Dr Jameson: Continue.
Dr Jameson: To
Dr Jameson: Two and a half a day.
Dr Jameson: Continue with weekly group. The Arctic Doug screen and individual counseling.
Dr Jameson: BEFORE THAT WE HAD JENNIFER Castro.
Dr Jameson: Who
Dr Jameson: Drugs green, which was positive for people knocking, but also for math period. She's been using math regularly for some time and it's still using that daily about twice a day, but this is far less than she did before.
Dr Jameson: She tends to small right after she wakes up in the morning and again after lunch. She's been trying to find things to do to distract yourself but it's difficult in the coronavirus
Dr Jameson: Quarantine situation.
Dr Jameson: Mental Status physical normal oh UD severe, number one. Number two, methamphetamine abuse plan.
Dr Jameson: Tried to brainstorm with some ideas of how to keep me occupied she'll continue to work on finding some ideas that work that she thinks might work for her. She has an appointment tomorrow with
Dr Jameson: Just two appointments. This week one with the counselor one with the nurse, nurse practitioner and psychiatric nurse practitioner to discuss her bipolar disorder.
Dr Jameson: Continuous weekly group period of screens and
Dr Jameson: Suboxone flush two films, two and a half a day she still has medicine.